RC: Version managment phase B (#1374)
redis/docs: content/operate/rc/databases/create-database/create-pro-database-existing.md

| **Auto Tiering**          | Checked when the subscription supports Auto Tiering                                                                                                                                                                                     |
| **Database name**         | A name for your database (_required_)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
| **Database port**         | Automatically or manually assigns a database port (range: 10000-19999).  You cannot assign a port that is reserved or already in use.                                                                                                                                                                                      |

> | **Database version**         | The Redis version of your database. Choose **Redis 7.4** if you want to use the latest stable version of Redis.                                                                                                                                                                                      |

Reviewer: No need to mention the latest DB version. It will just make us maintain it. Let's just write something about that it's always recommended to use the latest version.

Author: ```suggestion
| **Database version**         | The Redis version of your database. We recommend you choose the latest available version.                                                                                                                                                                                      |
```
